How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
It became easy to locate the typo as only those lines were shown which had been changed in the 2 versions

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
It will become easy to backtrack and find out what changes led to different functioning of a program and hence easier to locat bugs
Google docs , Dropbox, wikipedia: Save previous versions

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
We will commit only when we have made a considerable change in the code. However, we might forget to commit and end up loasing a part of important code due to whatever reason and that will be a heavy loss to work. Git commit provides a cear picture as to what changs were made or the bugs fixed.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Saving multiple files in one commit will give us a broader look into what changes happened across all the files like when we added a button. Otherwise, it is tedious to find out the same time or close time when 3 files were changes and narrow down the change which led to change in all the 3 files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log shows the history of all commits and git diff helps in reflecting the changes made within 2 commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
We can always return to previous versions using got checkout commit id and fin out the exact place where bug was introduced and then use git diff to find the line of code which might have led to the error

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to try it for the apps i will develop

